README.md, before:

# Hacker News Aggregator

This is yet another [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/) aggregator. But this time built in Elixir, saving data into ETS and pooling data in batches from the [Hacker News API](https://github.com/HackerNews/API).

You can reference the following diagram in order to understand how the application is built along with a brief explanation of each OTP app in it.

![App diagram](app_diagram.png)

## Installation

Clone the repository via `git clone https://github.com/er-jpg/hn-ag`.

## Usage

Set up the `SECRET_KEY_BASE` env with

```bash
export SECRET_KEY_BASE=$(elixir --eval 'IO.puts(:crypto.strong_rand_bytes(64) |> Base.encode64(padding: false))')
```

When running the application from a container the following steps
 - build the image with `docker build -t hn .` from the root of the directory
 - run the image using `docker run -p 4000:4000 --net hn_ag_default -e SECRET_KEY_BASE=$SECRET_KEY_BASE hn start`
 - ping `localhost:4000/health` to check the app status

---

Running the application via terminal use the following steps

 - Enter the app folder Ex.: `cd lib/apps/http_service`
 - Run the application with `iex` Ex.: `iex -S mix`


### Endpoints

Currently the `http_server` has the following endpoints:
  - `[GET]/health` returns status 200
  - `[GET]/api/stories&page=1` which returns a list of stories currently on memory
  - `[SUB]/websocket` websocket for getting notifications of new stories

The `/websocket` upon entry requires the user to join a topic, you can use the following example: 

```json
{
  "topic": "story",
  "event": "phx_join",
  "payload": {},
  "ref": "story"
}
```

## Testing and code quality

### Testing
To run tests just run in the root folder of the repo `mix test --no-start`. Or you can run the command inside each application in the `apps` folder individually.

### Test coverage
When checking test coverage you can just run `MIX_ENV=test mix coveralls -u`. Plase note to use the `-u` flag when running from the root directory.

### Lint
The lint of code is done via [credo](https://github.com/rrrene/credo) and in the root of repo just run `mix credo`.


## TODO

  * ~~fix tests and implement mox to external api calls, currently when the worker starts the mox doesn't run and can't find the mock~~
  * implement `select_count/3` for pagination inside the ETS, but it still requires learning how to match
  * figure out how to test the list stories endpoint


## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

Commit message:

feat: implemention of the websocket and channel to list new story

README.md, after:

# Hacker News Aggregator

This is yet another [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/) aggregator. But this time built in Elixir, saving data into ETS and pooling data in batches from the [Hacker News API](https://github.com/HackerNews/API).

You can reference the following diagram in order to understand how the application is built along with a brief explanation of each OTP app in it.

![App diagram](app_diagram.png)

## Installation

Clone the repository via `git clone https://github.com/er-jpg/hn-ag`.

## Usage

Set up the `SECRET_KEY_BASE` env with

```bash
export SECRET_KEY_BASE=$(elixir --eval 'IO.puts(:crypto.strong_rand_bytes(64) |> Base.encode64(padding: false))')
```

### Docker

When running the application from a container the following steps
 - build the image with `docker build -t hn .` from the root of the directory
 - run the image using `docker run -p 4000:4000 --net hn_ag_default -e SECRET_KEY_BASE=$SECRET_KEY_BASE hn start`
 - ping `localhost:4000/health` to check the app status

### Manually

Running the application via terminal use the following steps

 - Enter the app folder Ex.: `cd lib/apps/http_service`
 - Run the application with `iex` Ex.: `iex -S mix`


### Endpoints

Currently the `http_server` has the following endpoints:
  - `[GET]/health` returns status 200
  - `[GET]/api/stories&page=1` which returns a list of stories currently on memory
  - `[SUB]/websocket` websocket for getting notifications of new stories

The `/websocket` upon entry requires the user to join a topic, you can use the following example: 

```json
{
  "topic": "story",
  "event": "phx_join",
  "payload": {},
  "ref": "story"
}
```

## Testing and code quality

### Testing
To run tests just run in the root folder of the repo `mix test --no-start`. Or you can run the command inside each application in the `apps` folder individually.

### Test coverage
When checking test coverage you can just run `MIX_ENV=test mix coveralls -u`. Plase note to use the `-u` flag when running from the root directory.

### Lint
The lint of code is done via [credo](https://github.com/rrrene/credo) and in the root of repo just run `mix credo`.


## TODO

  * ~~fix tests and implement mox to external api calls, currently when the worker starts the mox doesn't run and can't find the mock~~
  * implement `select_count/3` for pagination inside the ETS, but it still requires learning how to match
  * figure out how to test the list stories endpoint and the websocket
  * add first story when subscribe to websocket


## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

---

[Back to the top](#hacker-news-aggregator)
